# Introduction

ChocoGuard itself has been growing larger in its own economy system with an advanced cooldown system (v2).
People often don't know where to start. The purpose of these pages is to steadily introduce a few concepts and commands needed to progress while using the economy system.

These pages are merely an explanation of concepts and commands! You decide what you will do, but remember that there is no "correct," "best," or even the "only" way of using ChocoGuard.

## Concepts

## Global Economy

ChocoGuard's Economy System is **GLOBAL**. What this means is that your progression of balance, items, etc... is the same across all servers.
**You could always be robbed** if you have money in your wallet instead of in your bank! But there are also no commands to use to spawn money, items, etc...

::list{type="info"}
- Even if you have administrator permissions on a server, you will never be able to spawn in money/items.
::

## Money (Balance or Currency however you call it.)

The currency used in ChocoGuard is called Dollars. ($)
The main purpose is to collect the money and use it to buy item(s).

::list{type="info"}
- Money doesn't have real world value.
- Money/Items are not buyable with real money.
::

## Items

ChocoGuard itself counts in total of over 70+ items for users to: **Mine, Hunt, Beg, Shop or Craft**. Some items are only meant to be collected, other items can bring bonuses to the user and other items can enable or disable other users.

## Failable Commands

Sometimes a few of the economy commands will **FAIL** and won't give you money or items.
A lot of those times you will gather "Cookies", "Animal Poo", etc. Some of the commands may even remove money from your accounts because you failed to: Hack, Mine, etc... as examples.

## Help Command

This one is **very important**. If you ever feel lost or don't remember how a command works, you can check that command's help to get the information without having to open this wiki.

::callout
#summary
Command:

#content
/help
::

## Disclaimers

## Regarding Third-Party Bots, Macros, Etc... (Cheating)

If we **catch you** using external software, including Macros (yes, Macros are considered cheating), or any similar tools, you are in **clear violation** of both our [Terms of Service]() and [Discord's Terms of Service](https://discord.com/terms).

It's crucial to highlight that automating your user account in any manner through Discord API wrappers is a significant violation and can lead to a ban by Discord itself. ([Additional context](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002192352-Automated-user-accounts-self-bots-))

::alert{type="danger"}
You will be blacklisted from using the bot and reported to discord in major cases.
::

In less severe instances, you might find yourself on **our blacklist**, but you can send a **courteous appeal** to have the situation reviewed. Please note that an appeal isn't merely a promise to refrain from repeating the behavior.

In extremely rare situations, we may add you to **our blacklist** if you've displayed disruptive behavior or hostility towards our developers or staff.

In even more exceptional cases, you may be **blacklisted** from our bot if you've already been blacklisted on other bots within the community.

::callout
#summary
Where to Report Exploits:

#content
Use: /bugreport [bug]
or use: /support (to join our support server to create a ticket.)
::

## Regarding Exploiting Bugs

**If you're discovered exploiting significant bugs within ChocoGuard** in an attempt to gain an unfair advantage, we will take serious action, including a **complete profile reset**. Depending on the severity of the situation, you might even find yourself **blacklisted** from using ChocoGuard.

**To avoid any misunderstandings**, it's crucial that you promptly **report any major bugs** you come across. **Reporting a bug**, even if you've unintentionally used it a few times, will not result in consequences. However, using such bugs intentionally multiple times, even if reported, remains **strictly prohibited**. Your best course of action is to report and help us maintain a fair and enjoyable environment for all users.

::callout
#summary
Where to Report Bug:

#content
Use: /bugreport [bug]
or use: /support (to join our support server to create a ticket.)
::

## Regarding selling/buying stuff for real money

In **no** uncertain terms, it is **strictly prohibited** to engage in the buying or selling of any ChocoGuard-related items or assets for real currency, including all forms of cryptocurrency. This rule is in place to protect our community from potential scams. If someone approaches you with an offer of such a trade, please report `/bugreport [bug]` or visit [Support Server](https://discord.gg/HmjcHweWR4) to create a ticket without hesitation and refrain from participating in any transaction.

Please be aware that falling victim to such a scam will result in the absence of support or assistance from our end. Consider this your formal warning to exercise caution and avoid any involvement in these prohibited transactions.

### FAQ 2.3.1 - If found engaging in such activities:
::list{type="danger"}
- User will be blacklisted from using ChocoGuard Commands.
- Their Economy Profile will be wiped. (Deleted)
::