# FAQ

## 0.0 - What kinds of servers can use ChocoGuard?

**All communities are welcome** to use ChocoGuard as long as they follow Discord's TOS.
ChocoGuard's goal is to make every server on Discord more secure and safe.

### 0.1 - Why do we use Slash Commands?

The move to slash commands from prefix commands is something being enforced by Discord on verified bots. Bots who aren't verified still use Slash/Prefix commands  today, but it is highly recommended to use Slash Commands to stay up-to-date with the new version of Discord.JS. They also seek to make it easier for users to find and use commands.

For more information, check out Discord's [Slash Commands FAQ](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/1500000368501-Slash-Commands-FAQ) or their [Blog Post](https://discord.com/blog/slash-commands-are-here).

## 1.0 - The bot is not responding or lagging what do I do?

There really isn't much that you can do besides wait. We will usually announce issues within this guild as soon as we become aware of them. In most cases this is just a temporary hiccup within discord and should resolve itself.

## 2.0 - What do the money/items within ChocoGuard do? How to earn credits? What is the purpose?

We have this well explained and detailed wiki explaining every questions you might have! Simply visit our [Curreny-101 Page](https://www.chocoguard.xyz/api/eco-account).

### 2.1 - Will I be able to spawn in money/items?

Answer is **NO**, you will be not able to as in Developers of ChocoGuard are also not capable of doing that, allowing you to summon money or items from nowhere could tip over the economy.

### 2.2 - I have lost my claim (Daily, Weekly, Monthly) can I get it back?

Yes, You always can, and you can claim it even if you are inactive for days or even months.
Our **Cooldown System** is not designed to have that function.

### 2.3 - Am I able to buy credits/items in ChocoGuard? Do I get credits/items for donating/pledging?

**No**, you cannot buy credits or any items with real money in ChocoGuard. **We strictly prohibit the purchase of money/items with real currency** as it violates our terms of service. **Users found engaging** in such activities **may face consequences**. All credits and items are earned through the bot slash commands activities, participation to ensure a fair and balanced experience for all users. So, please respect our policies and enjoy the game the right way, without using real money to gain an unfair advantage.

#### 2.3.1 - If found engaging in such activities:
::list{type="danger"}
- User will be blacklisted from using ChocoGuard Commands.
- Their Economy Profile will be wiped. (Deleted)
::

## 3.0 - What is /search-blacklist? How to use it? What purpose does it have?

SOON?

## 4.0 - ChocoGuard has deleted all my roles/channels/banned all my user?

::list{type="info"}
- ChocoGuard does not have any commands to mass-delete/mass-ban/mass-kick > channels/users or bots.
::
Before blaming anything on us you need to make sure if it was the **real ChocoGuard**. To identify the real one you check one of 3 things, though it is best to check them all.
::list{type="success"}
- Check if the Username is exactly the same, no weird letters, no upper or lowercases like ChOcoGuard.
- Check if the discriminator (numbers after the # in the username) is `7427`
- Check if the ID of ChocoGuard matches with this ID: `1087656468108562442`
::
If none of the mentioned signs match, it's likely that you've encountered a fake ChocoGuard bot. We understand how frustrating this can be, but unfortunately, there isn't much we can do about it. To help combat this issue, we strongly encourage you to report it to the Trust and Safety team. The more evidence you can provide, the better.

For your safety, never invite a bot labeled "ChocoGuard" if any of the mentioned warning signs are present. A genuine invite will always redirect you to this link: https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1087656468108562442&permissions=8&scope=bot%20applications.commands and may include permission settings as needed. Stay vigilant and protect your server from imposters.

## 5.0 - I have been blacklisted from using the bot. Can I be un-blacklisted?

Yes, you can appeal at the support server of Chocoguard with the command: `/support` or join the [Support Server](https://discord.gg/HmjcHweWR4)!

### Appeals Accepted:
::list{type="success"}
- If the reason itself is not too bad.
- If you don't beg.
- No Bad "Moderation" History.
::

### Appeals Denied:
::list{type="danger"}
- Reason itself is bad.
- Begging for appeal.
- Has Bad "Moderation" History.
- **NO = NO**.
::

### Important:
::list{type="info"}
- The **staff** of **ChocoGuard** can only blacklist/unblacklist you, nobody else without a sign of being a ChocoGuard staff member can do that.
::

### 5.1 - Is ChocoGuard able to detect my network/vpn?

ChocoGuard does **NOT** / **can't** do that! If a Discord Bot was able to do that then Discord would have a high Security Risk.

## 6.0 - I want to request my data / I want to delete my data.

In our [Support Server](https://discord.gg/HmjcHweWR4) or `/support` you can create a ticket requesting the following things:
- Data Deletion
| Users that request data deletion will have their whole data wiped. (Nothing is stored any more unless you create an economy account or do something that includes adding data.)

- Data Request
| Users that request their Data to be viewed will be able to see what they have as in: Inventory, balance-money, balance-bank, Job, Etc...